Fixed an int conversion bug in the using drand blogpost (#158)
drand/website: docs/blog/2023-02-17-how-to-use-drand.md

const client = new HttpChainClient(chain)
fetchBeaconByTime(client, Date.now()).then(beacon => {   

	const flip = BigInt("0x" + beacon.randomness) % BigInt(2)

> 	if (flip === 0) {      

Author: I swear husky keeps adding this damn random whitespace

Reviewer: Check out https://editorconfig.org/ to remove them all on save

> 	if (flip === 0) {      

Reviewer: This comparison will always be false:

```
> BigInt(0n) === 0
false
```

Author: good catch!

		console.log(beacon.round+": HEADS!")
	} else {     
		console.log(beacon.round+": TAILS!")   
	} 
})
```

> A small note: we have to use `BigInt` here, because javascript only supports 53 bit integers safely! Additionally, because drand mainnet emits randomness every 30 seconds, you will see the same output for multiple runs until the newest round is emitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A small note: we have to use `BigInt` here, because javascript numbers only support 53 bit integers safely! Additionally, because drand mainnet emits randomness every 30 seconds, you will see the same output for multiple runs until the newest round is emitted.
```

const chain = new HttpCachingChain("https://api.drand.sh") 
const client = new HttpChainClient(chain)
fetchBeaconByTime(client, Date.now()).then(beacon => {   
  // there are 7 participants, we take 1 byte of output (!! bad !!)
  const randomNumber = BigInt("0x" + beacon.randomness.slice(0, 2)) 
  const winnerIndex = randomNumber % BigInt(participants.length)

>   console.log(`the winner is ${participants[winnerIndex]}`) 

Reviewer: Is it legal to use a BigInt as an index? I'd be surprised of that works

Author: yup, it works fine! At least both in node and browser where I tested it

Reviewer: Sweet! Always full of surprises this language
